<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_t1p_xr3_qx">
 <title>Basic Vanilla Gelato</title>
 <shortdesc></shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  <p>Ingredients Required</p>
  <p> </p>
  <ul id="ul_i51_zr3_qx">
   <li>1 cup heavy cream (to be found in fridge in kitchen)</li>
   <li>3 cups whole milk, divide (to be found in fridge in kitchen)<ul id="ul_j51_zr3_qx">
     <li>1 cup granulated sugar (to be found in cabinet above fridge in kitchen)</li>
     <li>2 tablespoons cornstarch (to be found in cabinet above fridge in kitchen) </li>
    </ul></li>
   <li>Pinch of salt<ul id="ul_k51_zr3_qx">
     <li>½ teaspoon pure vanilla extract (to be found in cabinet above fridge in kitchen)</li>
    </ul></li>
   <li>1 tablespoon liquid pectin (might not be on hand at all times)<ul id="ul_l51_zr3_qx">
     <li> </li>
     <li>Making Instructions</li>
     <li>Using a medium saucepan found underneath the stove area in the kitchen, combine the
      necessary cream and 2 cups of whole milk. Set over a medium-low heat until the mixture
      simmers. </li>
     <li>While waiting on your mixture to simmer, combine the milk, sugar, cornstarch, salt and
      vanilla extract into a bowl and whisk together until fine.</li>
     <li>Once our mixture begins to simmer, add the contents of the bowl and mix together until
      smooth and combined.</li>
     <li>Continue stirring until mixture begins to thicken, taking note of the amount sticking to
      the spoon.</li>
     <li>Remove the pan from the heat, and stir in our pectin. Strain the mixture using the strainer
      in the cabinet above the fridge and cool to room temperature.</li>
     <li>Cover and refrigerate for at least 2 hours.</li>
     <li>Remove from fridge and whisk until smooth again, and add to the top of the yogurt machine
      after pressing Gelato and selecting the Start button. </li>
    </ul></li>
  </ul>
 </conbody>
</concept>
