<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="task_mj3_y43_qx">
    <title>Cleaning and Maintaing the Machine </title>
    <shortdesc>The most important part about having this machine is respecting it and maintaining it
        for future use.  Everyone doing his or her part individually will make for a much more
        enjoyable and responsible experience when using the ice cream machine.  Following some of
        these simple tips will ensure we clean and maintain the machine properly.  </shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context>Our ice cream machine is equipped with an automatic shutoff feature if the machine
            begins to overheat.  If faced with this problem, remove the freezer bowl from the base
            and clean the contents out before repeating a new cycle.  This is likely to occur if the
            ice cream mixture attempting to be made is too thick for the mixing arm to succesfully
            churn the ingredients inside. <p/></context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Clean the freezer bowl, mixing arm and lid in warm soapy water.  The freezer
                    bowl is not dishwasher safe!</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Thoroughly dry compenents after each individual use.  The freezer bowl should
                    not be placed in the freezer unless competely dry.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Only place the freezer bowl in the freezer! It is to be the only compenent to
                    every be placed in the freezer for cooling.</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
