<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="task_wjd_2n3_qx">
    <title>Making Our Frozen Deserts</title>
    <shortdesc>This section of the Standard Operating Procedure will tell us exactly how to
        succesfully make our frozen treats.  Following these steps will ensure our frozen treats are
        produced consistently and taste better than any other ice cream on campus.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <p/>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Find Cuisinart recipes from online or use a recipe of your own.  If using a
                    personal recipe make sure it yields 2 quarts or less to avoid overflow of the
                    freezing bowl.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Remove the freezer bowl from the freezer at the end of the room and place it on
                    the base.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Find the mixing arm and place it in the freezer bowl.  It will not fit tightly
                    and will be placed in the center of the bowl with the circle side facing upward.
                </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Place the lid on the base and twist it clockwise to lock in place.  </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Plug in the power chord.  If working properly, all buttons located on the
                    control panel should be lit.  Now select which type of ice cream you'd prefer
                    from the control panel.  A beep will automate from the machine indicating the
                    process is ready to begin.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Select start and watch the freezer bowl begin to turn.  Once turning, add our
                    ingredients throught the ingredient spout and place the measurement cup on the
                    lid.  Your frozen delights will be ready in 15-40 minutes depending on the
                    recupy and consitencey preference.  Keep and eye on your ice cream through the
                    transparent lid to monitor the thickness of your ice cream.</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
