<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_wjx_wf3_qx">
 <title>Parts Included/Needed for Ice Cream Machine</title>
 <shortdesc>In this section you will find all of the necessary mechanilcal components to make our
  ice cream.  Each piece Serces its own unique purpose to the process so please familiarize yourself
  with each piece and it's purpose.</shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  <p>1) Cap with Measurement Cup - Allows us to pour our ingredients necessary for making the ice
   cream.  Also should be used to add ingredients that need chopping so the freezing cyle wont' be
   interrupted. </p>
  <p>2) Easy-Lock Lid with Ingredient Spout - The transparent dome looking piece to allow us to
   watch the freezing process as it progresses.  Make sure the lid easily locks to the base before
   beginning the freezing process.</p>
  <p>3) Mixing Arm - This piece mixes the ingredients during the freezing process.</p>
  <p>4) Freezer Bowl - This large bowl contains an insulated cooling liquid that allows the ice
   cream to freeze quickly and evenly.</p>
  <p>5) Control Panel - This allows us to select if we'd like sorbet, gelato, frozen yogurt, or
   regular ice cream.  The make times are pre-programmed so select the type to your liking and let
   your patience be rewarded with a frozen treat!</p>
  <p>6) Base - This large piece is the driver behind our ice cream machine.  It is the driving force
   behind our frozen treat that will power the mixing arm. </p>
  <p>7) Rubber Feet - The nonslip feet will allow our ice cream machine to remain stationary and
   fucntioning properly.  Make sure the ice cream machine is on a level surface and firmly fripped
   to the surface in which it is rested upon.</p>
  <p>8) Cord Storage - When not in use, the power chord for our ice cream maker can easily retract
   into the base.  This will minimize the potention damage to the chord and make the area
   surrounding the machine safer.</p>
 </conbody>
</concept>
